Insights IoP does not support an external database (#4353)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_installing-and-configuring-insights-iop.adoc

{insights-iop} analyzes system health and configuration by applying predefined rules to a small set of local data, such as installed packages, running services, and configuration settings.
When you install {insights-iop} locally, you can generate {Insights} recommendations without sending system data to Red{nbsp}Hat services.

> .Limitations

Author: Thank you for letting me know!

[IMPORTANT]
====
{insights-iop} has the following limitations:

> * With {insights-iop} enabled, you cannot use the hosted {Insights} services for hosts registered to your {Project}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot use the hosted {Insights} services for hosts registered to your {Project} if you enable {insights-iop}.
```

To ensure parallelism with the limitation below.

Enabling {insights-iop} prevents you from using any {RHCloud} services on hosts registered to {Project}.
* If you install {Project} with external databases, you cannot enable {insights-iop}.

> Enabling {insights-iop} prevents you from using external databases.

Author: I hesitate to shorten it because the original statement was quite strong and approved by an SME. The second sentence is supposed to tell the user that when they use IoP, they cannot even migrate to ext db later.
